The Rails Conductor (#35489)
rails/rails: conductor/README.md

# Conductor

...

## License

> Action Mailbox is released under the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Conductor is released under the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).
```
